no so always
valence in this case we are not 50 50
55 inside the flat knot becomes a
buttonhole these make 1 2 3 4 5 6 more laps
or less 6 even 7 sets
and then if they do the opposite one in
less then 6 7 6 6 1 2 3 4 5 and 6 6 yes
put back in only the one who is now
inguiato little appearance as always
the only one here or so goes inside the
alone then before pulling the line yes
It tightens the knot is saliva is gradually
but the dress effect I will feel felt
again then cut this cut opens
from the right one and cut this figure
some part for best result a
this
so there is no girella then here
we have the steel cable
this is the line
then at this point we put the hook
we must first put the tube will make
first the tube then we put the year
the evening begins chain
no
eva
the man